♪ ♪
>> Narrator: THE FOLLOWING IS A
PRESENTATION OF HBO SPORTS.
♪ ♪
>> THIS LAST BIT OF LOSING HAS
GOT TO GET OUT OF HERE.
>> Narrator: PREVIOUSLY ON
"HARD KNOCKS."
>> WHEN WE HAVE A GAME, WE
FINISH THAT GAME.
>> QUARTERBACK!
>> YOUR CHEATING.
YOU'RE CHEATING YOURSELF!
YOU ARE CHEATING YOURSELF!
>> I'VE MADE ENOUGH MISTAKES FOR
1,001 OTHER PEOPLE SO YOU NEED
TO CONTINUE MOVING FORWARD.
>> ALL RIGHT.
>> I'VE DREAMT OF PLAYING IN THE
NFL SINCE I CAN REMEMBER.
>> THAT'S WHAT'S UP.
OUT THERE PLAYING AGAINST THE
INDIANAPOLIS COLTS.
>> PEMBLETON WANTS NOTHING TO DO
WITH HIM.
>> THREE SECONDS TO GO IN THE
HALF.
>> LET'S GO!
>> TOUCHDOWN TO END THE HALF!
>> WHAT A STEP UP!
LET'S GO, WINNER.
THIS IS FOR THE GAME, MAN.
>> LIONS NEED THIS ONE TO WIN
THE GAME.
>> HERE WE GO!
>> I'M TELLING YOU RIGHT NOW,
THERE IS NOTHING LIKE FUCKING
WINNING, MAN.
THERE'S NOTHING LIKE WINNING.
♪ ♪
[POLICE SIREN]
>> LIONS WIN IT, FINAL SCORE OF
27-26 OVER THE COLTS.
>> GREAT JOB, MAN.
TO SPEAK THERE WERE A LOT OF
GREAT THINGS.
>> NICE DRIVE TO END THE HALF,
THEY REALLY RAN AT WELFARE THERE
WILL BE UPS AND DOWNS BUT A LOT
OF TAPE TO GO OVER.
THEY'VE GOT THE TWO JOINT
PRACTICES WITH THE COLTS AND
THIS GAME, BUT THEY ARE ONE STEP
CLOSER TO UNDERSTANDING WHAT
THIS FOOTBALL TEAM IS GOING TO
LOOK LIKE.
>> Narrator: THERE'S NOTHING
LIKE WINNING.
>> GOOD JOB.
>> YES, SIR.
>> Narrator: IT'S WHY THEY
PLAY THE GAME.
SO THE LIONS BE SURE TO SAVOR
THEIR VICTORY OVER THE COLTS.
>> JUST WANTED TO WIN.
REGARDLESS.
THAT'S THE VIDEO.
>> Narrator: THE EUPHORIA
WON'T LAST.
THE COMING STRETCH IS THE MOST
DIFFICULT OF CAMP.
NOT JUST THE HARDEST PRACTICES,
BUT THE TOUGHEST DECISIONS.
GENERAL MANAGER BRAD HOLMES HAS
TO CUT 27 PLAYERS TO GET TO A
FINAL 53 MAN ROSTER.
>> WITH HIM, IT'S GOING TO BE
REALLY HARD.
HIM.
MAYBE HIM.
I DON'T KNOW.
PROBABLY NOT.
THE BIG ONE IS HIM.
>> THESE PLAYERS WORK SO HARD
AND THEY'VE DONE SO MUCH TO GET
READY FOR THIS MOMENT AND ENDURE
THEMSELVES THROUGH A TRAINING
CAMP.
YOU KNOW, YOU HAVE TO MAKE SOME
TOUGH DECISIONS AND
UNFORTUNATELY LET SOME PLAYERS
GO.
AND IT'S TOUGH, BECAUSE THERE IS
A HUMAN BEING ELEMENT THAT'S
INVOLVED.
BUT YOU KNOW, YOU HAVE TO MAKE A
DECISION.
>> ALL RIGHT, SO REALLY, THIS IS
ABOUT -- THIS IS TRULY, LET'S
GET DOWN STRAIGHT TO THE
NITTY-GRITTY WHERE THERE IS
SOMEONE AT THE TOP THAT YOU SEE
THERE, THEY ARE THE SHAKE-UP.
PLEASE DON'T HOLD BACK, YOU
KNOW.
SO.
>> WE RUN A VERY COLLABORATIVE
PROCESS, AND WE WILL START OFF
WITH A POSITION IN THAT POSITION
COACH WILL GO THROUGH HIS
RANKINGS BEFORE THAT POSITION AT
THE CURRENT TIME.
>> I THINK WE HAVE OUR TOP FIVE.
WE HAVE OUR STARTERS.
>> OKAY.
>> IF WE COULD KEEP TEN GUYS, I
WOULD KEEP TEN BEER THE FIRST
TWO GROUPS.
>> TOP TWO GUYS STAY THE SAME.
>> AND I SEE THOSE OTHER GUYS,
28, 46.
THOSE GUYS HAVE BEEN DOING GOOD
TOO BUT THEY KNOW THEY HAVE TO
TURN THIS SHIT UP A LITTLE BIT.
>> YOU ARE DIGESTING A LOT OF
DIFFERENT INFORMATION FROM A LOT
OF PEOPLE.
>> I HAVE THREE WHAT THE FUCKS
AND THREE BULLSHITS.
I DON'T KNOW WHAT WAS HAPPENING
HERE TO SPEAK OF THE TRANSITION
TO THE FIELD JUST AIN'T
HAPPENING.
>> THEY ALL BRING DIFFERENT
THINGS TO THE TABLE.
>> AND THEN A MEMBER OF OUR
POSITION DEPARTMENT WILL GO
THROUGH THE SAME POSITION GROUP.
>> HE THINKS THE FIELD LITTLE
BIT FASTER AND THE OTHER GUY CAN
BOUNCE IT OUT.
>> THAN OUR COORDINATOR WILL SUM
IT UP AT THE END.
>> JUST NEED TO SEE MORE REPS
FROM HIM, JUST NEED TO SEE HIM
MORE, THAT'S IT.
DEVELOP MORE TRUST.
>> I NEED TO SEE HIM FREAKING
WIN AND IT'S NOT HAPPENING.
>> ALL OF OUR EVALUATORS, THEY
ARE ARTISTS AND THEIR ARTWORK IS
ON DISPLAY.
ALMOST THE BEAUTY OF SCOUTING IS
IF YOU HAVE TO ENCOURAGE
INDEPENDENT THOUGHT AND THE
ARTISTRY OF EVALUATION.
>> ALL RIGHT, THANK YOU GUYS.
>> SO AFTER ALL THAT, THEN ME
AND DAN JUST KIND OF TAKE ON
INFORMATION AND THEN WE SIT DOWN
AND MEET ABOUT IT.
>> MAN, IF THERE'S ONE THAT WE
LIKE BUT IT'S REALLY CLOSE, YOU
KNOW.
>> FUCK, I KNOW, I'M WITH YOU,
MAN.
>> Narrator: HOLMES AND DAN
CAMPBELL HAVE THIS WEEK'S
PRACTICES IN THE LAST HOME GAME
AGAINST THE STEELERS TO DECIDE
WHO WILL BE A LION PIER PART OF
THE DECISION IS KNOWING WHICH
PLAYERS CAN MANAGE THEMSELVES,
SO DAN CAMPBELL HAS A PLAN.
>> GOOD MORNING.
LET ME COME UP BEFORE I GET TO
THE SCHEDULE, LET ME SAY THIS.
THAT WAS A GOOD WEEK.
WE GOT BETTER.
THOSE TWO DAYS, THE GAME WAS
OUTSTANDING.
HERE'S THE OTHER THING THAT
MAKES US REALLY THE ORGANIZATIO
ORGANIZATION, ALL OF US.
THOSE PEOPLE AT THAT HOTEL WERE
RAVING ABOUT YOU GUYS EVERY DAY.
HOW YOU WERE CLASSY, NOBODY
ACTED LIKE THEY WERE ENTITLED.
SO WE ARE NOT GOING TO TAKE ANY
SHIT OFF ANYBODY WHEN IT COMES
TO PLAYING THE GAME OF FOOTBALL,
BUT YOU ARE NOT ACTING LIKE YOU
ARE BETTER THAN SOMEBODY ELSE
WHEN WE GO ON THE ROAD.
THAT'S GOOD STUFF, MAN.
IT MEANS YOU GUYS ARE QUALITY
HUMAN BEINGS.
AND THAT IS WHAT WE ARE ALL
ABOUT.
LET ME HIT THIS SCHEDULE.
YOU GUYS ARE RUNNING THE
PRACTICE.
THE COACHES, THEY ARE WORKING ON
PITTSBURGH.
THEY ARE NOT GOING TO BE OUT
THERE.
SO I'LL BE THE ONLY ONE, AND I'M
NOT COACHING.
I'M JUST GOING TO HAVE THE
WHISTLE, I'LL BLOW IT JUST TO
KEEP EVERYTHING REGULATED.
BUT I'M NOT SAYING A WORD.
YOU WON'T HEAR ME SAY FINISH,
YOU ARE NOT GOING TO HEAR ME
SAY, WHAT DO YOU THINK ABOUT
THIS.
I AM NOT SAYING A FUCKING WORD.
YOU WANT TO KNOW THE SITUATION,
DON'T EVEN ASK ME BECAUSE I'M
NOT TELLING YOU.
THERE IS AN INDIE PERIOD INTO
GROUP AND ITS SCRIPT TO COME OF
THE PLAYS ARE SCRIPTED SO YOU
WILL HAVE THEM, BUT YOU GUYS ARE
GOING TO RUN IT.
SEE WHAT YOU GUYS DO WITH IT.
MAKE IT YOUR OWN.
>> DAN IS NOT LYING, BRO, WHEN
HE TALKS ABOUT A PLAYER RUN
PRACTICE, THIS IS A PLAYER RUN
PRACTICE.
>> BUT MAKE SURE THIS AIN'T A
SHIT SHOW, FELLOWS APPEAR TO.
>> LET'S GO.
>> TANNER
TACKLE.
>> YOU HAVE ONE COACH OUT HERE.
>> I'M OUT HERE FOR SUPPORT.
>> YOU CALLING THE PLAYS?
>> I CAN.
NO, ONE OF YOU WILL HAVE TO
BECAUSE I BE ON THE FIELD.
>> WELL, WELL, WELL.
>> ALIVE TO KEEP THIS IN MY BACK
POCKET LIKE THIS.
YOU KNOW?
Y'ALL SEE THAT?
I LOOK COOL RIGHT NOW?
[LAUGHS]
>> I'M READY, ARE YOU READY?
I DON'T HAVE TO DO ANYTHING.
ALL I HAVE TO DO IS BLOW MY
WHISTLE.
>> NICE WORK, NICE WORK.
>> [LAUGHS]
IT'S A GOOD.
>> KEEP GOING, KEEP GOING, HERE,
COME BACK, TWO.
>> HOOK CURL DRIVE, CATCH THE
BALL AND MAKE A MOVE.
>> IT'S NOT MY, IT'S SAM.
THAT'S PETTY, RIGHT?
>> IT'S FUNNY TO WATCH THEM.
THEY'VE PICKED UP ON THE DRILLS.
>> WHAT YOU WANT TO DO NEXT?
>> YOU'LL GIVE THEM THESE WHEN
WE ARE DOING THE ROUTES.
>> WE ARE RUNNING A ROUTE
THOUGH, RIGHT?
>> YOU.
>> YOU WANT ME TO GIVE THEM
AROUND?
>> MAKE UP A ROUTE TO.
>> TIGHT, TIGHT, WHITE, GOOD.
OR JUST TIGHT TIGHT?
>> THAT IS A LONG INDIE PIER TO
SPEAK OF THE PLAYS TODAY.
>> WE HAVE THE WALKIE?TALKIE
>> 11.
GOT YOU FIRED UP.
>> ALL RIGHT.
>> LET IT RIP, LET IT RIP.
>> YES!
[LAUGHS]
>> LET'S GO.
>> NICE JOB, J.J.
>> WHO NEEDS FUCKING COACHES,
YOU KNOW?
>> ?
>> NO ONE.
>> SORRY FOR SWEARING.
>> JUST HOLDING YOU BACK.
THEY'RE SITTING UP THERE IN THE
AIR CONDITIONING, YOU KNOW.
THE MAN IN THE ARENA.
HE SAID, YOU'RE WEARING THE
Ds.
>> THAT'S RIGHT.
>> THE CREDIT BELONGS TO THE MAN
WHO IS IN THE ARENA, WHOSE FACE
IS MARRED BY DUST AND SWEAT AND
BLOOD.
>> THAT'S RIGHT.
NOT THE COACHES WHO ARE DRINKING
COFFEE IN THE AIR CONDITIONING
RIGHT NOW.
>> Narrator: IF ANYONE NEEDS
THE AC COME IT'S JARED GOFF.
HE'S BEEN HOT ALL CAMP.
>> I'M EXCITED ABOUT JARED,
REALLY EXCITED ABOUT JERROD.
YOU'RE DOING SOME GOOD THINGS
AND IT'S SO IMPORTANT TO HIM.
HE LIKES WHAT HE'S DOING AND HE
LIKES WHO HE IS DOING IT WITH,
WHICH IS GREAT FOR A QUARTERBAC
QUARTERBACK.
HE'S MADE SOME INCREDIBLE
THROWS, I THINK WE ARE GETTING A
GLIMPSE OF WHAT HE IS GOING TO
BE FOR US THIS YEAR.
>> Narrator: JARED GOFF NOSE
HIGHS AND LOWS.
HE WAS ONCE THE OVERALL PICK AND
TOOK THE RAMS TO A SUPER BOWL,
ONLY TO BE TRADED TO THE LIONS
TWO SEASONS LATER.
THIS IS A VERY BIG YEAR FOR
JARED GOFF.
>> DROP IT IN THERE.
>> OH!
YES!
LOVE IT.
>> YOU ARE ON FIRE RIGHT NOW.
I TELL YOU WHAT.
FUCK, YEAH, YOU AND HIM, YOU
WENT TO REYNOLDS, YOU WENT TO
SAM.
I'M TELLING YOU, I FEEL -- FUCK.
IT'S GOOD.
>> THEY'RE GOING AGAIN.
>> IT GIVES ME CONFIDENCE.
>> I KNOW, I KNOW.
EVERYTHING JUST WORKS TOGETHER,
MAN, IT JUST MESHES.
>> Narrator: JARED GOFF
UNDERSTANDS THE IMPORTANCE OF
TEAMWORK.
HE'S TEACHING THAT VERY LESSON
TO HIGH SCHOOL STUDENTS
PARTNERING WITH HIS CLOTHING
LINE.
>> HEADACHE I HEY, JARED.
>> GOOD TO SEE YOU, BUDDY.
>> GOOD TO SEE YOU.
YOU GUYS SENT OVER A HANDFUL OF
DESIGNS, RIGHTS.
THIS ONE I THINK WILL BE ONE OF
THE BESTSELLERS FOR SURE.
>> IT SEEMS LIKE PEOPLE OUTSIDE
THE FOOTBALL COMMUNITY ARE INTO
THIS AND WILL BUY IT BUY IT.
>> PEOPLE WEARING THIS AROUND
TOWN COME AT THE GAMES.
YOU GUYS ARE BUSY WELCOME TO
COME TO ANY GAME YOU WANT.
>> PEOPLE ARE LIKE, WHERE'S YOUR
TICKET?
I SAY, NO, I KNOW JARED
PERSONALLY, I WILL JUST SLIDE
THROUGH.
>> HE ASKS YOU ABOUT YOUR
PERSONAL LIFE.
I'VE TO CHANGE THIS PART BECAUSE
IT'S HIS GIRLFRIEND, I HAVE TO
CHANGE IT TO FIANCE.
>> IT'S FIANCE NOW.
>> I HAVE ONE MORE QUESTION.
>> WHAT'S THAT?
>> CAN I BE THE BEST MAN AT MY
WEDDING?
[LAUGHTER]
>> HE WANTS TO BE THE BEST MAN
AT MY WEDDING.
>> INTERNSHIP AND BEST MAN!
>> THERE YOU GO.
>> Narrator: ABOUT THE ONLY
PRISON IN DETROIT UNHAPPY WITH
JARED GOFF'S PERFORMANCE IS
DEFENSIVE COORDINATORS AARON
GLENN.
>> WE CANNOT LET OUR OFFENSE GO
OUT THERE AND COMPLETE 16 OF 18
PASSES.
THAT IS FUCKING B BULLSHIT.
THAT IS FUCKING BULLSHIT.
I DON'T CARE HOW YOU PRACTICE
BUT WE ARE NOT FUCKING
PRACTICING LIKE THAT.
IF YOU ARE NOT WITH THAT, YOU
GET THE FUCK OUTCOME I'M TELLING
YOU.
WE ARE NOT PRACTICING LIKE THAT.
WE PLAY TO GIVE UP FOOTBALL
YESTERDAY.
RIGHT NOW OUR FUCKING OFFENSE IS
LAUGHING BECAUSE THEY THINK THEY
ARE SO FAR AHEAD OF US THAT WE
CAN'T CATCH UP, AND THAT BURNS
ME UP.
I'M JUST TELLING YOU COME IT
DOES.
AND THAT IS HOW WE FUCKING
OPERATING, BECAUSE WE THINK THIS
SHIT IS COOL AND IT'S OKAY.
WE THINK IT'S OKAY.
AND THAT IS WHAT THEY FUCK IS
WRONG WITH US RIGHT NOW.
WE THINK IT IS FUCKING OKAY.
LOOK AT THE FUCKING PRACTICE.
AND WHAT DID I TELL YOU?
WHAT DO OFFENSES TRY TO DO, WHAT
ARE THEY TRYING TO CREATE?
>> WAR ZONES.
>> THEY TRY TO CREATE
EVERYBODY'S MOVING AND LOOK ON
US.
THEY DID EXACTLY WHAT THEY WANT
TO DO.
THEY PLAYED US LIKE FUCKING
PUPPETS.
NO, THEY DID.
FOOTBALL IS HARD ENOUGH AS IT
IS, WE ARE MAKING SHIT HARDER.
THAT MAKE SENSE?
SO I DON'T WANT US JUST CATCHING
THE BALL.
ON CAMP, 72%.
THAT IS WHAT WE ARE DOING.
IF THEY THROW IT TEN TIMES, THEY
CATCH IT.
THAT IS FUCKING BULLSHIT.
WE SHOULD NOT THINK THAT'S OKAY.
THAT IS NOT FUCKING FOOTBALL.
THAT IS NOT SECONDARY PLAY,
LINEBACKER PLAY.
IT IS JUST LOSING FOOTBALL.
IT'S LOSING FOOTBALL.
>> I'M SORRY.
>> SHOW US THE OTHER ANGLE.
>> I MET CRAIG'S DAD THE OTHER
DAY.
HE LOOKS JUST LIKE HIM.
JUST LIKE HIM.
HE STARTED WALKING TO ME AND I
SAID, THAT DUDE IS RELATED TO
CRAIG.
I DON'T KNOW WHO IT IS, THEN
THEY TOLD ME, THAT'S CRAIG'S
DAD.
AND I SAID OH, SHIT.
I FUCKING KNEW IT, I COULD TELL
WHEN YOU WERE WALKING TO ME.
>> HOW DID IT GO TODAY?
HOW DO YOU THINK YOU GUYS LOOKED
TODAY?
>> GOT TO KEEP THE INTENSITY
GOING.
ON CERTAIN DAYS WHEN WE GET
CHANCE IS THIS, LIKE TODAY.
>> STILL KEEP THE INTENSITY?
OKAY.
>> Narrator: YOU'RE NEVER TOO
OLD FOR GOOD ADVICE.
AND THE LESSONS CRAIG REYNOLDS
HAS LEARNED FROM HIS DAD AND
OLDER BROTHER HAVE HELPED HIM ON
HIS LONG ROAD THROUGH THE NFL.
>> IN HIGH SCHOOL I DIDN'T HAVE
ANY DIVISION I OFFERS.
ENDED UP GOING TO KIRK'S TOWN.
THEY SCORED OFF ME A
RUNNING BACK SO I SAID, I FEEL
LIKE I CAN PLAY RUNNING BACK AT
THE COLLEGE LEVEL, SO.
♪ ♪
>> COMING OUT, I WAS UNDRAFTED.
I DIDN'T KNOW WHAT I WAS GOING
TO DO, WHETHER FROM WHAT WAS
GOING TO BECOME A THING.
I TOOK JOB INTERVIEWS WITH
INSURANCE BROKERAGE.
THEN THE DRAFT CAME, DIDN'T HEAR
ANYTHING, A COUPLE DAYS LATER I
GET A CALL, THE COMMANDERS
WANTED ME TO COME FOR A TRYOUT.
WHWHAT WAS PUT ON THE PRACTICE
SQUAD IN THE NFL JOURNEY STARTED
FROM THERE.
WASHINGTON, ATLANTA,
JACKSONVILLE.
>> THAT IS THE RUNNING BACK WHO
RECENTLY SIGNED, CRAIG REYNOLDS.
>> RELEASED BY JACKSONVILLE THE
LAST YEAR.
WASN'T ON THE TEAM THAT WHOLE
SUMMER.
WORKING OUT AND THEN THE
DETROIT LIONS CALLED.
>> REYNOLDS, THE COLTS STILL
GOING 35.
♪ ♪
>> PRACTICE, COUPLE GAMES ACTIVE
AND JUST WENT FROM THERE.
>> YOU GET AN OPPORTUNITY, GO TO
DO SOMETHING!
CRAIG REYNOLDS DID SOMETHING DID
SOMETHING.
>> OH, WE ARE GONE!
OH, WE ARE GONE!
>> OH, YEAH!
B1 FOUR SEASONS, FOR TWO
DIFFERENT NFL TEAMS.
REYNOLDS HOPES TO FINALLY FINISH
THE JOURNEY FROM KUTZTOWN TO A
PLACE HE CAN CALL HOME.
>> [LAUGHS]
THE WILY, THE CRAFTY, NICE JOB,
GREG!
>> HERE'S THE THING.
AS IT PERTAINS TO THIS GAME, BY
THE WAY, DO WE NOT KNOW WHAT
CRAIG IS?
>> YES.
>> WE ALL LOVE CRAIG, BUT WE ARE
NOT GOING TO FIND ANYTHING ELSE
OUT ABOUT HIM THAT WE DON'T
ALREADY KNOW.
WE WOULD BE SICK TO OUR STOMACH
IF WE LOST HIM.
>> I WOULDN'T CUT HIM, HE'S
EVERYTHING WE REPRESENT.
>> I'M THINKING ABOUT THE TEAM
TOO.
WHAT HE BRINGS TO THE TEAM COME
OUR OFFENSE, THAT RELATIONSHIP.
>> WHAT DO THE GUYS UP FRONT
THINK ABOUT HIM?
>> THEY JUST KNOW REYNOLDS,
PROTECTION, ALL THAT STUFF.
THEY LOVE HIM.
>> YOU GET RID OF CRAIG IF YOU
WANT TO, YOU MIGHT HAVE SOME
LINEMAN KNOCKING ON THE DOOR
JUST TO TALK.
[INDISTINCT CHATTER]
>> ALL RIGHT, I WANTED TO SHOW
YOU GUYS THIS CLIP.
EVERYTHING IS ABOUT YOUR
FUNDAMENTALS AND SO THIS STUFF
IS REALLY GOOD FOR YOU, AND NO
MATTER --
[LAUGHTER]
>> SOMETIMES IT'S NOT ALWAYS
ABOUT THIS GUY.
SOMETIMES THE DRILL MAY BE ABOUT
THIS GUY, AND HANDLING
ADVERSITY.
[LAUGHTER]
>> AND THEN SOMETIMES IT'S NOT
ONLY ABOUT THIS GUY HANDLING,
BUT ALSO HOW YOUR TEAMMATES
REACT TO ADVERSITY WHEN
SOMETHING HAPPENS TO ANOTHER
TEAMMATE.
[LAUGHTER]
>> LISTEN, I KNOW THAT FUCKING
HURT.
AT THAT SHIT HURTS NOW, THAT
SHIT HURTS.
>> YOU GOT A JOKE FOR US?
>> COME ON UP FRONT.
SPEEDO HAPPENED ON THIS IN A
WHILE
ALL RIGHT.
>> WOULD YOU DO WHEN YOU GET
ATTACKED BY A GROUP OF CLONES?
>> A GROUP OF CLOWNS?
>> GO FI FOR THE JUGULAR.
>> I DON'T GET THAT ONE.
>> GO FOR THE JUGGLER.
JUGULAR, JUGULAR.
>> Narrator: THERE IS ACTUALLY
A JUGGLER I CAN'T.
THE RECEIVER HAS FAST HANDS BUT
REMAINS ON THE EDGE OF THE
ROSTER.
>> HEY.
>> HOW DID YOU GET INTERESTED IN
JUGGLING?
>> SINCE I'M A FOOTBALL,
HAND-EYE COORDINATION, SO WHEN
I'M GOING IN FOR A CATCH, IT
HELPS ME FOCUS ON THE BALL.
>> BY THE TIME THIS DAY IS DONE
YOU'RE ACTUALLY GOING TO BE
JUGGLING THESE.
>> IT'S A JOKE.
>> YES, IT'S A JOKE.
JUST KIDDING, JUST KIDDING.
SHOW ME WHAT YOU GOT IT I WILL
ASSESS WHERE WE GO.
>> ALL RIGHT, WHAT YOU WANT ME
TO DO?
>> WE ARE GOING TO DO SOMETHING
CALLED OVERHEADS, JUGGLING OVER
YOUR HEAD BEARD ARMS OUT, YOU
REALLY WANT TO FUS ON ENGAGING
THE BICEP.
IT YEAH!
NICE!
HERE'S ANOTHER COOL PATTERN,
IT'S CALLED THE SHOWER PATTERN.
>> THAT IS EXCITING.
>> SO INSTEAD OF GOING LIKE
THIS, IT GOES LIKE THIS.
SO HERE'S THE FIRST ONE, HERE IS
THE SECOND ONE.
CAN YOU TELL THE DIFFERENCE?
>> IS AT THE HAND?
>> YEP, EXACTLY.
I THINK HE WILL PICK THESE UP
PRETTY QUICK AND THE COOL THING
ABOUT IT AS YOU CAN CONTROL THE
HEIGHT WITH THE SPIN.
>> CAN I SEE YOU GO THREE.
>> GO LIKE THIS BY USING MORE
WRIST.
SO IT JUST DEPENDS ON --
>> WHAT THE HECK!
>> NOW WE WILL TRY SOME PARTNER
JUGGLING.
AND THE ONE THING TO KEEP IN
MIND IS TRANSITIONS.
>> FOOD TRUCK!
YOU CAN'T BEAT FOOD TRUCK DAY.
LET ME SEE WHAT THEY GOT OVER
HERE.
>> YOU GOT LOBSTER ROLL?
>> YET, PLEASE.
>> WHERE YOU FROM?
>> HE WENT AWAY.
>> CHECK HIM OUT TO.
>> HOW COULD I NOT GET OXTAIL
RIGHT NOW?
>>> THAT A TALE?
WHEN I SEE NASTY STUFF, CHOPPED
UP TAIL?
IS IT MEAT?
>> YES!
>> Narrator: FOR THE PLAYERS,
TODAY IS A WELCOME RELIEF.
NO PUDDLE OF SWEAT FOR THEM.
FOR DAN CAMPBELL, IT'S ANOTHER
MATTER.
CUTS ARE SIX DAYS AWAY.
AGONIZING DECISIONS HAVE TO BE
MADE.
>> ALL RIGHT, AFTERNOON.
>> AFTERNOON.
>> TODAY'S PRACTICE, WE LET OUR
GUYS KNOW IT'S LIKE A REAL GAME.
THIS IS, I DON'T KNOW IF HE'S
GOING TO SAY LIVE BUT I DON'T
GIVE A SHIT.
WE GOT PADS ON SO NO MATTER WHAT
THE SITUATION IS, WE ARE NOT
GOING TO LET ANYBODY RUN THROUGH
OUR DEFENSE AT ALL UNTIL WE GET
THROUGH WITH THEM.
MAKE SURE WE TELL THEM THAT, WE
ARE STOPPING IT.
THAT'S JUST HOW WE GOT TO
PRACTICE.
>> ON GOING TO SAY IS THIS.
FUCKING BUCKLE UP, ALL RIGHT?
LAST TIME WE WENT AGAINST THE
DEFENSE UNSCRIPTED, SAINTS SAID
WE DIDN'T HAVE ENOUGH
AMMUNITION.
KEEP WORKING THE SITUATION,
REALLY FELT LIKE YOU GUYS TOOK
IT TO THEM.
IS THAT WHAT IT FELT LIKE OUT
THERE?
ASK WHAT THE TAPE SAID BEER
POINT IS THOUGH, WHAT YOU THINK
IS HAPPENING IN THEIR MEETING
ROOM TODAY?
I ALREADY WENT BY THE ODDS,
WALKS THROUGH YESTERDAY
AFTERNOON, ZERO PRESSURE, GREAT
REMINDER.
HE WOULDN'T EVEN TALK TO ME.
YOU GUYS THINK I'M KIDDING.
HE LET HIS GUYS KNOW.
SO JUST KNOW THIS, THEY ARE
GOING TO BE OUT FOR BLOOD TODAY.
NOT A PROBLEM, NOT A PROBLEM.
WE ARE READY TO GO, WE'VE GOT
ENOUGH AMMUNITION IN HERE.
>> ALL RIGHTY THEN.
SEE, THE SUN GOING DOWN ALREADY.
>> Narrator: FULL PADS, FULL
SPEED, ALL UNDER A SETTING SUN.
>> ALL RIGHT, LISTEN.
THE OFFENSE HAS TO GET 31ST
DOWNS, THEY WIN.
IF THEY GET IT.
LET'S COMPETE!
>> DON'T GIVE A FUCKING SHIT,
LET'S GO.
I DON'T GIVE A FUCKING SHIT.
>> Narrator: ALL SUMMER, DAN
CAMPBELL HAS BREACHED THE GOSPEL
OF GRIT.
TONIGHT HE WILL DISCOVER WHO
SEES THE LIGHT AND WHO THE TRUE
BELIEVERS ARE.
THIS WILL BE THE LONGEST AND
TOUGHEST PRACTICE OF TRAINING
CAMP.
[WHISTLE BLOWING]
♪ ♪
>> OH!
>> OH, YEAH!
>> WHAT ARE WE DOING?
>> GOOD, THAT'S THE SIDE.
>> WE CRAMPING TONIGHT, BABY.
WE CRAMPING TONIGHT.
>> YOU WAS ON HIS ASS.
THAT'S ALL I CAN ASK FOR,
CHALLENGES ASS AGAIN.
>> HE IS CHALLENGING US >> HE'S
PROBABLY PISSED ABOUT YESTERDAY.
>> 100%.
>> AARON GLENN IS TREATING THIS
AS A GRUDGE MATCH.
OFFENSE OF COORDINATOR BEN
JOHNSON'S RESPONSE, BRING IT ON.
>> 1111, 11-11.
3RD & 6 HERE.
3RD & 6.
♪ ♪
>> TOUCHDOWN.
>> YES!
YES!
>> HE'S A GENIUS.
BEN, YOU'RE A GENIUS!
>> THAT'S GOOD TIMING!
>> I FEEL PASS.
>> THAT'S A SACK.
>> GOT IT!
LET'S FUCKING GO!
>> OH, GOD.
>> I LIKE IT, MALCOLM!
IT'S GOOD!
GOOD RUSH!
♪ ♪
[WHISTLE BLOWING]
>> YOU ARE GETTING SMASHED.
THAT'S GOING TO HURT.
>> CLOCK'S RUNNING!
CLOCK'S RUNNING!
>> Narrator: TONIGHT, AIDAN
HUTCHINSON AND THE DEFENSE HAVE
NOTHING LEFT TO PROVE.
GOOD THING, BECAUSE THEY HAVE
NOTHING LEFT TO GIVE.
[WHISTLE BLOWING]
[PANTING]
>> MY LEGS.
OUR TIRED.
OH,
MY LEGS ARE TIRED.
YEAH, WE WERE.
[PANTING]
OH!
>> THAT'S BALL GAME.
THAT'S BALL GAME.
>> WE NEED BETTER OUT OF YOU
GUYS.
IF IT REALLY MEANS SOMETHING TO
YOU AND YOU REALLY WANT TO MAKE
THIS A LIVING, YOU BETTER START
SHOWING IT ON THE FIELD.
BECAUSE RIGHT NOW SOME OF YOU,
THIS WILL NOT BE YOUR LIVING.
THIS WILL NOT BE YOU'RE LIVING
THE WAY YOU GUYS ARE SHOWING UP
HERE THAT'S ALL I GOT.
>> Narrator: NO RA-RA, NO
PRETTY TAUT, JUST THE FACTS.
THE ONLY THING THAT WILL SAVE
SOME PLAYERS NOW IS A GOOD
PERFORMANCE IN PITTSBURGH.
>> GOOD MORNING.
>> I APPRECIATE EACH AND EVERY
ONE OF YOU.
WE DID A GOOD JOB OF ASSEMBLING
GUYS THAT ARE VERY LIKE MINDED.
MAN, YOU'RE COMPETITIVE.
WE ARE ALL DIFFERENT BUT YOU
LOVE THIS SPORT AND YOU GUYS
HAVE GIVEN IT EVERYTHING YOU
GOT.
FOR SOMEBODY LIKE ME, WHO'S
PLAYED THIS GAME, I RESPECT THE
FUCK OUT OF THAT.
BUT BRAD AND I ARE IN THERE LAST
NIGHT AND WE ARE GOING THROUGH,
I CAN'T TELL YOU THE NUMBER OF
SCENARIOS.
BUT YOU GUYS KNOW WHERE WE ARE
AT.
WE COME BACK, REALLY, MONDAY AND
WE'VE GOT DECISIONS WE'VE GOT TO
MAKE.
IT'S ALMOST KIND OF TWO GROUPS
JOCKEYING FOR THE LAST FEW
SPOTS, I WOULD SAY.
THERE'S A GROUP OF GUYS, IT
CRUSHES YOU, THAT THEY DO
EVERYTHING RIGHT.
AND I THINK YOU PROBABLY KNOW
WHO YOU ARE.
YOU DO EVERYTHING RIGHT, YOU GO
NONSTOP, YOU'RE HIGHLY
COMPETITIVE, YOU ARE FUCKING
DEPENDABLE PIER BUT IT IS THAT,
MAN, DO THEY QUITE HAVE THE
TALENT -- ARE THEY -- AND THEN
THERE IS SOME OF THESE GUYS
LIKE, MAN, THEY'VE GOT SOME
ABILITY NOW.
THEY GOT IT, BUT CAN WE TRUST
THEM?
AND YOU ARE KIND OF IN THESE TWO
BUCKETS.
HERE'S WHAT I WOULD SAY, FOR THE
FIRST GROUP, YOU GUYS WHO DO
EVERYTHING RIGHT, JUST GO DO IT
AGAIN.
BE THAT DEPENDABLE GUY THAT DOES
SHIT RIGHT ALL THE TIME.
MAKE IT FUCKING HARD ON US.
MAKE IT HARD ON YOUR COACHES.
ON THE FLIP SIDE OF THAT, YOU
BETTER SHOW UP.
YOU GOT THE ABILITY AND THE
LIGHTS ARE ON, WE BETTER SEE IT.
A BETTER COME ON, MAN.
IT'S TIME TO SHOW UP.
BECAUSE THIS IS YOUR LAST CHANC
CHANCE.
>> STILL CITY, IT'S BEAUTIFUL UP
HERE.
I LOVE ALL THE BIRCHES AND THE
HILLS.
>> Narrator: EVEN HARD HITTERS
LIKE THE ROOKIE LINEBACKER THEY
CALL RODERIGO CAN APPRECIATE THE
GENTLE POWER OF A HUG.
>> SUP, BRO?
>> SUP.
HOW YOU DOING?
>> HEY, BUBBA.
IT'S YOUR BRAD PITT HAIRCUT.
I LOVE IT.
THE FURY.
I LOVE YOUR FURY CUTS.
>> HOW WAS YOUR FLIGHT?
>> GOOD.
I KIND OF SLEPT.
I WAS WATCHING "TOP GUN," THE
FIRST ONE.
I GOT HALFWAY THROUGH IT IN MY
EYES STARTED GETTING HEAVY AND I
FELL ASLEEP AND I WOKE UP AT THE
LAST SCENE, THE MAVERICK AND ICE
ARE FIGHTING IT I WAS LIKE OH,
GOOD SCENE RIGHT HERE PEER >> I
TRIED USING "HIGHWAY TO THE
DANGER ZONE" WHEN WE TOOK
OFF IN THESE TWO WEREN'T HAVING.
WE ARE FINE.
>> I KNOW HE HAD HIS HEADPHONES
ON PROBABLY.
HE PROBABLY LOOKED AT YOU LIKE
HE HEARD YOU --
>> HE DID BUT HE WAS LIKE, NO.
>> HOW DID YOUR WEEK GO?
>> EVERYTHING GOOD.
GAMEPLAY WITH PITTSBURGH, THE
STARTERS ARE GOING TO GO THE
FIRST HALF.
SO THE ENERGY IN THE BUILDING IS
MAXIMUM.
EVERYONE IS READY TO HIT,
EVERYONE IS PUMPED UP HERE >> SO
ARE YOU STARTING TOMORROW?
>> YEAH, I WILL BE STARTING
TOMORROW.
>> THEY'RE PRETTY GOOD SIZE?
>> YEAH, I MEAN, EVERY LINEMAN
IS PRETTY GOOD SIZE IN THIS
LEAGUE.
BUT WE ARE GOOD, THEY ARE HEAVY
ON THE DOUBLE TEAMS.
SO WE WILL GET A CHANCE TO KIND
OF GO DOWNHILL AND PLAY FAST.
AND YEAH, I'M EXCITED.
GET TO PLAY NAJEE HARRIS.
>> I KNOW, HE'S PRETTY GOOD.
ALABAMA.
>> YEAH, HE'S PRETTY GOOD,
ALABAMA, STATE FARM HERE THAT'S
HIS FAVORITE THING.
>> YOU CAN'T GET EMBARRASSED.
>> APPRECIATE IT, BRO.
HECK, IT'S NOT MY MIND ANYMORE.
I'M EXCITED COME EVERYONE IS
READY TO GO.
♪ ♪
>> GOOD?
>> THIS IS NOT YOUR DAD ABOUT
HIS PRESEASON FINALE.
SO THERE IS A LOT HAPPENING
HERE.
START IS GETTING TUNED UP FOR
THE REGULAR SEASON, BACKUPS
TRYING TO PROVE THEY BELONG ON
THAT DEPTH CHART, AND BUBBLE
GUYS JUST TRYING TO PROVE THEY
DESERVE A JOB.
♪ ♪
>> GOT TO SAY HI TO MY --
>> HOW ARE YOU?
I'M GOOD.
>> NOT EVERYBODY WOULD SAY THAT.
>> 32 YEARS, GLAD YOU'RE HERE.
>> I LIKE IT BECAUSE I LIKE
LEMONADE.
>> LIKE THAT BAD?
DAMN, WHAT THE FUCK IS THAT?
>> YOU CAN PICK THE FLAVOR.
>> FUCK, YEAH.
DID Y'ALL PUT WATER IN IT?
>> JUST MAKE SURE WE START FAST,
ALL RIGHT?
START START FAST, START FAST.
>> BOYS, LET'S GO.
ANOTHER OPPORTUNITY.
>> IMPOSE YOUR DAMN WILL, COME
ON.
THEY CAN'T FUCK WITH US,
CHARLES.
WE ARE TOO FUCKING A LATE.
>> Narrator: THERE'S A REASON
AIDAN HUTCHINSON WAS THE SECOND
PLAYER TAKEN IN THE NFL DRAFT.
THE ROOKIE CAN FLAT OUT BRING
IT.
>> YOU'RE LUCKY, YOU ARE LUCKY!
YOU ARE LUCKY!
THAT BALL WAS OUT.
THAT BALL'S OUT.
>> BACK, COLLAPSES, GOING TO GET
HIT, GOING TO GO DOWN!
[CHEERING]
>> ATTA BABY!
ATTA BABY, THAT'S A GREAT START.
THAT'S A GREAT START.
>> THE THING ABOUT AIDAN
HUTCHINSON ALREADY IN HIS CAREER
IS NOT JUST THE INITIAL PASS
RUSH, IT'S THE SECOND MOVE, THE
THIRD MOVE, THE FINISHING MOVE.
ALL OUT EFFORT EVERY STEP.
>> ATTA BOY, CHAMP!
FUCK YEAH!
THAT'S THE WAY TO GET OFF THE
FIELD, FUCK YEAH!
THAT'S WHAT I'M TALKING ABOUT!
NICE JOB!
>> THE DANCING ABILITIES COME
FROM MY DAD'S SIDE.
>> I CAN DANCE, I CAN DANCE.
>> I'M JUST SAYING SALSA AND
THAT CAME FROM DAD'S SIDE.
>> I CAN SALSA.
>> ALL RIGHT.
>> Narrator: THE ROOKIE
LINEBACKER NICKNAMED RODERIGO
MAY NOT KNOW ALL THE STEPS YET,
BUT THE SIXTH ROUND PICK IS
LOOKING LIKE A STEEL IN
PITTSBURGH.
♪ ♪
>> DAMN.
>> GET DOWN THERE.
>> GET A LICK RIGHT THERE RIGHT
THERE.
>> DOUBLE THEN, TAKEN DOWN,
MALCOLM RODRIGUEZ FIRST MAN
THERE.
MITCH TRUBISKY, HANDS OFF TO
NAJEE HARRIS.
GOING TO LOSE YARDAGE BACK TO
THE 21.
MALCOLM RODRIGUEZ, ONE OF THE
GUYS FORCING IT DOWN THE LINE.
>> BLOCK THE HOLE, TO THE HOLE.
>> THIS IS EXACTLY WHY I FUCKS
WITH YOU.
HELL OF A JOB, YOU UNDERSTAND M
ME?
>> YOU GOT TO MAKE IT BUT YOU
BROUGHT YOUR ASS OUT AND YOU
MADE THAT SHIT HAPPEN.
YOU JUST DO THAT.
>> BOY.
>> GOOD SHIT.
I THINK WE GOT A DEFENSE,
GENTLEMEN.
>> NORMALLY YOU KNOW WHO YOUR
BACKUP QUARTERBACK IS GOING INTO
YOUR FINAL PRESEASON GAME.
FOR DETROIT, THIS IS THE FINAL
AUDITION.
>> BE READY, THINGS GOING UP
TODAY, THINGS GOING UP.
TAKING SHOTS.
>> THIS IS TIM BOYLE'S CHANCE.
DAN CAMPBELL HAS SAID HE IS
LOOKING FOR SOMEBODY TO TAKE
CHARGE.
TIM BOYLE, WITH TIME, PICKED
OFF.
NOT A GOOD THROW BY TIM BOYLE AT
ALL.
>> WHAT THE FUCK?
>> HE THREW IT RIGHT TO CAMERON
SUTTON.
>> Narrator: TIM BOYLE MAY BE
PLAYING HIMSELF OFF THE FIELD.
THE PLAN HAD BEEN FOR HIM TO
PLAY THE ENTIRE FIRST HALF, BUT
DAN CAMPBELL IS HAVING SECOND
THOUGHTS.
>> WOULD YOU THINK ABOUT
PUTTING -- LET'S DO IT.
>> LOOKS LIKE WE WILL SEE DAVE
ABOUT GET SOME PLAYS IN WITH THE
FIRST-TEAM OFFENSE.
>> THIS CHANGE SPEAKS TO THE
URGENCY ON WHICH THIS COACHING
STAFF WANTS TO IDENTIFY WHO'S
GOING TO WIN THIS BACKUP
QUARTERBACK POSITION.
TO SPEAK ALL RIGHT, MAN, LET'S
GO, DB.
LET'S FUCKING RALLY SOME TROOPS
HERE.
LET'S RALLY SOME TROOPS.
>> CAUGHT.
REMEMBER, HE DROPPED A SNAP IN
THE GAME IN ATLANTA IN THE
PRESEASON AND COST THEM A WINNE
WINNER.
ALL KINDS OF TIME, RUNNING OUT
OF TIME NOW, AND HE GOES DOWN.
>> THAT'S ON ME.
IT'S ON ME.
>> DEFENSES BATTLE, BUT 16-0
STEELERS.
THEY LEAD IT, WE'VE HIT THE
HALF.
>> WE'VE GOT TO GET THIS ONE
ACTION GOING SO WE CAN PUSH IT
DOWN THE FIELD, THAT IS REALLY
THE NAME OF THE GAME.
WE'VE GOT TO KEEP IT ON THE
SCHEDULE, WAY TOO MANY
3RD & LONGS.
WE DON'T HAVE ENOUGH NAMES ON
THE SHEET TO CONVERT EVERY
3RD & LONG.
SO STAY ON TRACK AND WE WILL
MAKE A GAME OUT OF THIS IN THE
SECOND HALF.
YOU GUYS GOOD?
ALL RIGHT, LET'S RALLY, LET'S
GO.
>> TRYING TO FIGURE OUT A WAY TO
GET THE OFFENSE GOING IN THE
SECOND HALF.
>> -- ON MY NUTS BY ACCIDENT.
>> Narrator: FEEL THE BURN.
THEY NEED TO PUSH TO MAKE THE
ROSTER.
>> YOU ALL RIGHT?
>> YEAH, I GOT ICE ON MY BALLS.
>> SHIT.
>> I'M GOOD, THOUGH.
>> HE IS IN NOW.
>> GOOD JOB, CRAIG.
>> GOOD RUN, ALL RIGHT.
[GRUNTING]
>> GOOD CUTBACK!
GOOD CUTBACK, CRAIG!
>> GOOD RUN.
TO SPEAK OF THAT 17-YARD GAIN
FOR CRAIG REYNOLDS, WHO IS
MAKING A STATEMENT HERE.
>> HE'S SHOWING, IF GIVEN THE
OPPORTUNITY, HE CAN PLAY.
>> GOOD JOB BY CRAIG.
>> YOU GOOD?
>> Narrator: JUGGLING ROOKIE
KALIL PIMPLETON'S FATE IS STILL
UP IN THE AIR.
HE NEEDS A BIG NIGHT.
[WHISTLE BLOWING]
>> GOOD, 11-11!
>> LET'S FINISH, OH!
COMMAND, WE RIGHT THERE, OH!
WE WRITE THERE!
PUSH IT IN!
>> 4TH & GOAL FROM THE 7, 4TH
QUARTER.
NEEDS OF THE END ZONE.
PITTSBURGH SHOWING BLITZ.
>> THAT PASS TO THE LINE, TO THE
GOAL LINE AND IT'S INCOMPLETE.
>> Referee: PASSES INCOMPLETE.
>> THAT IS KALIL PIMPLETON DOWN
THERE, YOU SIMPLY HAVE TO CATCH
THAT FOOTBALL.
BACKING UP, THROWING A LITTLE
LITTLE BIT OFF THE BACK FOOT,
THAT BALL IS IN HIS HANDS.
HE HAD TO GO DOWN A LITTLE BIT
BUT THAT IS AN NFL CAT YOU'VE
GOT TO MAKE.
>> ABSOLUTELY MAN.
IT WAS A PERFECT THROW, IT WAS
RIGHT THERE.
IT SHOULD OF BEEN A TOUCHDOWN.
>> DROP.
>> WHEN YOU'RE TRYING TO MAKE A
TEAM, YOU HAVE NO MARGIN FOR
ERROR.
>> THAT AIN'T GOOD, BRO!
>> LISTEN, ALL YOU CAN DO IS
GIVE THEM A CHANCE AND MAKE THEM
PLAY AND EITHER THEY DO OR THEY
DON'T.
AT LEAST WE KNOW NOW.
>> [SCREAMS]
>> HEY, JUST KEEP GOING.
PUT YOUR HEAD DOWN, KEEP GOING.
JUST KEEP GOING.
IT'S COMING BACK.
>> COMING BACK, COMING BACK,
>> WE GOT THREE TIMEOUTS.
LET'S JUST MOVE A LITTLE BIT,
YOU KNOW?
>> Narrator: MOVING THE
OFFENSE, JOB NUMBER ONE FOR A
QB.
EVEN FOR THE NUMBER TWO.
IF DAVID BLAU WANTS THE BACKUP
JOB, NOW IS THE TIME TO WIN IT.
>> TEMPO, LET'S GO!
TEMPO, HURRY!
>> 2ND & 8 FROM THEIR OWN 28.
OVER THE MIDDLE, THAT IS
BECAUSE, KALIL PIMPLETON AND TO
THE 45-YARD LINE, THAT IS WHERE
YOU WANT TO SEE KALIL PIMPLETON
COME ON THE RUN, CATCHING IT IN
STRIDE, USING THAT SPEED.
GAIN OF 22.
>> FINDING OUT ABOUT SOME OF
THESE GUYS.
>> 4TH & 10 FOR THE LIONS FROM
MIDFIELD.
DAVID BLAU LOOKING, BLAU CAUGHT,
TERRIFIC PLAYER BY BLAU.
BLAU WAS GOING DOWN AND SHUFFLED
THE BALL FORWARD AND IT ENDS UP
BEING A 15-YARD GAME.
>> YES!
WAY TO MAKE A PLAY.
FIRST DOWN, WAY TO MAKE A PLAY
OUT OF THAT, BLAU.
>> Narrator: FINDING A WAY.
THAT'S WHAT A GUY WHO WANTS TO
WIN A JOB DOES.
♪ ♪
>> YOU CATCH THAT?
>> 4TH DOWN & 7.
BLAU THROWS, IT IS CALLED BY
TRINITY BENSON.
THAT WAS A VERY NICE THROW, TOOK
A LATE HIT THAT TIME.
>> CARLOS DAVIS CALLED FOR
ROUGHING THE PASSER IN ADDITION
TO THE THROW FROM BLOUGH.
>> LET'S GO.
>> AND THE LIONS WILL HAVE IT AT
THE 12-YARD LINE FROM PITTSBURGH
WITH THE 1ST & 10.
>> LET'S GO, LET'S GO SCORE.
♪ ♪
>> 36 SECONDS TO GO IN THE GAME.
>> DAVID BLOUGH TRYING TO GET A
TOUCHDOWN BEFORE TIME RUNS OUT.
THROUGH THE MIDDLE, TOSSES IT!
TOUCHDOWN!
>> THE SECOND TIME WE SAW BLOUGH
IMPROVISE THAT WAY FOR GOOD
PLAYS BEER PICKED UP A
FIRST DOWN EARLIER WITH AN
UNDERHANDED TOSS, THEN TOUCHDOWS
ONE.
♪ ♪
>> YOU HOLDING UP?
HEY, YOU SOFT, MAN.
>> TODAY, MORE THINGS HAPPENED
BETTER FOR BLOUGH THAN FOR BOYLE
AND I THINK BLOUGH WILL BE
NUMBER TWO.
>> FUCKER.
>> WITH 30 SECONDS TO GO IN THE
GAME IT IS PITTSBURGH 19 AND THE
LIONS 9.
>> THAT WAS FUN.
>> SO HERE WE GO, THERE IS THE
ONSIDE KICK, THEY'VE RECOVERED.
>> ALL RIGHT, LET'S GO.
>> CHASE LUCAS COMES UP WITH THE
FOOTBALL.
>> HERE WE GO!
LET'S GO!
>> BEEN BATTLING TO MAKE THIS
TEAM.
HE'S BEEN AROUND THE BALL SO
OFTEN.
>> WEARS THAT BALL?
>> HAD A!
AND I KEEP THAT?
EXCUSE ME!
CAN I KEEP THAT?
>> WAIT A MINUTE, LET ME PRESENT
IT TO YOU.
>> THANK YOU, SIR!
APPRECIATE IT!
>> THE LIONS KEEP POSSESSION
WITH 30 SECONDS TO GO.
SEE WHAT THEY DO.
>> Narrator: IT'S THE
OFFENSIVE LINE'S FIRST
COMMANDMENT.
PROTECT YOUR QUARTERBACK.
EVEN A ROOKIE LIKE ABI THE TACKE
FROM NIGERIA CAN'T BREAK IT.
>> BLOUGH LOOKING DEEP ON THIS
SIDE OF THE FIELD AND IT'S
INCOMPLETE.
AND BLOUGH COMING UP A
LITTLE GIMPY.
HERE'S BLOUGH.
[GRUNTING]
>> COME ON, MAN.
COME ON, MAN.
>> YOU WANT TO COME OUT?
>> NO, SIR.
NO CHANCE.
>> BLOUGH'S GOT IT, BLOUGH
LOOKS, BLOUGH'S ACT OUTSIDE
40-YARD LINE.
THAT WILL BE THE END OF THE
BALL GAME.
♪ ♪
>> GOOD JOB, MAN.
BEST OF LUCK TO YOU.
>> HOPE MY KNEE IS OKAY.
GUYS, I FELT SOMETHING BUT IT
DOESN'T HURT RIGHT NOW.
IT WAS WEIRD, MAN.
♪ ♪
>> I'M SO GRATEFUL FOR THE
OPPORTUNITY WAS THERE.
WHATEVER THE OUTCOME.
I AM BLESSED.
♪ ♪
>> THANK YOU, BUDDY!
>> FOR THROWING HIM THAT TOWEL,
HE LOVES THAT.
IT'S HIS BIRTHDAY.
>> HAPPY BIRTHDAY, BUDDY.
>> THANK YOU.
>> GOOD JOB, GOOD JOB.
>> LOVE YOU, BRO.
NEVER HAPPENS.
>> YEAH, WHATEVER HAPPENS.
>> THIS IS THE HARD, COLD TRUTH.
WE ARE SITTING AT 80 AND WE'VE
GOT TO GET TO 53.
AND IT'S A BITCH, MAN.
IT'S THE WORST PART OF THE
FUCKING JOB.
THE BLOOD, SWEAT, THE TEARS FROM
THE DEVOTION, EVERYTHING YOU PUT
INTO IT, YOU'VE GOT MY RESPECT.
YOU'VE GOT ALL MY RESPECT.
I WOULD DO ANYTHING I COULD FOR
YOU, MAN.
AND I WISH I COULD FUCKING KEEP
YOU.
WE ALL DO.
BUT IT'S JUST NOT HOW IT WORKS.
WE APPRECIATE THE HELL OUT OF
YOU, BECAUSE YOU GAVE US YOUR
BEST.
THAT'S ALL.
LET'S JUST -- LET'S BUILD ON
WHAT WE CAN BUILD ON, GUYS.
LET'S GET ON THE PLANE, GET OUT
OF HERE AND GET READY FOR
PHILLY, MAN.
YOU GUYS BREAK IT DOWN.
>> REACH OUT TO YOUR BOYS COME
ALL RIGHT?
THIS IS A TOUGH TIME FOR A LOT
OF GUYS.
I KNOW YOU LOVE THEM, LET THEM
KNOW.
LET'S GO "FAMILY" ON THREE.
FAMILY!
♪ ♪
>> DO YOU REALIZE THAT YOU MADE
THAT KID'S DAY TODAY CUSTOMER
THAT THAT WAS HIS BIRTHDAY.
THAT'S WHY I'M PROUD OF YOU.
BESIDES PLAYING FOOTBALL.
♪ ♪
>> Y'ALL HAD HIM AND NOT HIM?
ALL RIGHT.
EVERYBODY THINK HE SHOULD MAKE
THE ROSTER?
>> NO.
>> NO ON HIM.
SO LET'S DO THAT.
BUT LET'S JUST DO THIS.
ALL RIGHT.
SO IF THIS WAS THE LINEUP, HOW
DO YOU FEEL?
♪ ♪
>> Narrator: ON THE SEASON
FINALE OF "HARD KNOCKS."
>> TO BE ON THE 53 MAN ROSTER
WOULD DEFINITELY BE MY DREAM
COME TRUE.
>> Narrator: THE HARDEST DAY
ON THE NFL CALENDAR, FINAL CUTS.
>> WHATEVER HAPPENS, HAPPENS.
YOU GOT TO LET THE CHIPS FALL
WHERE THEY MAY.
>> Narrator: FIND OUT WHO
MAKES DETROIT A BUNCH OF ITS
ROSTER, AND WHO IS HEADED OUT OF
TOWN.
>> WHO SINGS THIS, WHAT BAND?
>> ABCD.
>> Y'ALL GET THAT?
ABCD?
>> WHAT IS IT?
>> AC/DC.
>> WHO'S SEEN THIS?
WHO SINGS THIS?
METALLICA?
AC/DC.
THIS MAN SAID ABCD.
>> I DON'T LISTEN TO ROCK.
>> YOU DON'T GOT TO LISTEN TO
ROCK TO KNOW.
>> I TELL YOU, HE COMES
TWO YARDS AWAY AND YOU CAN STILL
SMELL HIM.
>> I HAVEN'T PUT ANYTHING ON
SINCE EARLIER.
I'M STARTING TO SMELL MY NATURAL
AROMA.
I HAVEN'T TAKEN A BATH IN TWO
DAYS.
♪ ♪
>> Narrator: THIS HAS BEEN A